# Amazon S3

## Practice

As part of this module, you'll work with the following S3 bucket features: 
1. Static website hosting
2. Bucket versioning

IMPORTANT: do not forget to remove all the created resources after the task has been completed.

### Amazon Web Services

All of the tasks can be completed via the Management Console or AWS CLI, but it's recommended to use AWS CLI where it's mentioned.

#### Subtask 1 - Static website hosting

1. Create a simple static website: 
• One HTML page with some CSS is more than enough.
• The website won't have any backend.
• Ideally, the website shouldn't have any large photos or videos(you'll have to upload it to S3 multiple times).

2. Create an S3 bucket with an arbitrary name(for example, name-surname-website)
• Remember that the bucket name must be globally unique.

3. Copy the static website from step 1 to the bucket from step 2 using AWS CLI.
• You'll need to download, install and configure AWS CLI as part of this task.

4. Enable static website hosting on your bucket from step 2.
• Make sure that the content is publicly available and you can see it on the Web.

#### Subtask 2 - Bucket versioning

1. Create another S3 bucket.
2. Enable versioning for your newly created bucket.
3. Upload your website from the previous subtask to your new bucket.
4. Make local changes to one of the files of your website.
5. Upload the changed file to your bucket from step 1 of this subtask.
6. Download the first(previous) version of the file that you changed from S3.

### LocalStack

1. Create a folder with some files(these files can have any extension).
2. Create an S3 bucket with an arbitrary name(for example, name-surname-website)
3. List all available buckets.
4. Copy the folder from step 1 to the bucket from step 2.
5. Download one file(any file) from your S3 bucket.

## Solution

In case you face any issues while doing the task please peek into the [AWS solution](./solution/s3/s3_solution_console.md) or [LocalStack solution](./solution/s3/s3_solution_localstack.md)